In the previous video, we already learned about
templates in Django. Now in this video,
we are going to learn about context. Context
mean that we can pass data from our
views.py file to templates file.
Okay let’s open
the visual studio code and I will show you what i mean
Go to views.py inside app1 directory
Let me explain about context first. In simple
word, the purpose of context is that we can
access the variable that we have defined in
the views.py from the template file.
Let’s create a context in hello world function,
the type of context must be a dictionary
in this example I create a dictionary about
me, the name will be Ahmad
and let’s say the age is 21. Now we need
to pass this context in the return statement.
When we pass a context in return statement
like this, we can access this data from the
templates, let’s open hello world.html,
here I can access the context data in templates
file using double curly braces like this.
Let’s also put a age context here.
Now let’s open the browser and go to app1/hello_world,
Here we can see that we get Ahmad and 21.
Okay I think this is enough for this video.
Hope you guys understand about context in Django
Thank you for watching and see you
on the next video